what is going on guys it's bigs and
today I've got the final part of my
furniture and design ideas series and as
you can see this episode is going to be
about bedrooms so yeah let's get started
this bedroom design is one design that I
came up with I'm not like I came up with
myself I didn't find any videos on it
I'm not saying I'm the one who created
it but it's one that I came up with and
I did when I was on the cast
cross-server and I built my house it's a
nice four-poster bed you've got normal
beds used there and half blocks going
around the edges and then you've got
normal wooden planks with fences half
blocks going around the top as well and
I like this design I think it looks nice
because you can actually use the bed as
well so yeah got a red carpet there what
wool has coffee
you got your lamps over there some
storage besides the bed see a crafting
table and some leaves for decoration I
like this design I think it looks nice
so yeah it's gone to the next one this
one here is another design I came up
with when I was building my mansion and
the couch grass server again it uses
real beds I like to I like to find
designs that use real beds because then
you can actually use them so I like to
find the design set though that you can
do that in I've got another bookcase
design here looks nice in the bedroom
fits in well a chair crafting tables
either side of the bench
the bed story lamps and you've got some
like shelves in here which is half slabs
it sounds like half slabs going across
the top and across there it looks nice
kind of modern looking I like it I think
it looks really good so yeah let's set
design guys moving to the next one
now this one here is a little bit
different it's not an actual functional
bed it's more like if you just building
a house to show and you want something
that looks like a bit and for the
pillows I've used snow blocks which are
here blocks that block there and then
you just place them down have to strut
down let's get the block back get our
cream and press snow down and it looks
like a pillar because it's just slightly
raised up
you've got hatches on the end of the bed
so it gives the bed kind of a frame some
wall blocks here for a rug another
bookshelf design just to add features to
the room got Lamptey beside the beds
free pictures repeat because you can't
get a free wide picture there and I
don't like it when the pictures go
straight to the top and straight to the
bun half blocks for light the headboard
of the bed and there's more pictures
there I like I like this design I think
it looks pretty good I was surprised I
wasn't sure about the hatches and the
ends of the bed because I've never
really used that before but I thought it
turned out really nice I really liked it
so yeah just moving to the next one now
this one here is one that I've used
before this bed design it's one that I
came up with on the couch crossover I
like it because it looks really modern
it's like a modern style of a big
headboard at the back and this is his
wall blocks with half slabs going all
the way around it and it gives it that
like step-up look so it doesn't look too
big again we've got snow here for the
rugs in the middle got a nice little
desk here which is upside down stairs
and slabs and this is kind of like a
laptop thing with pressure plate in the
picture lived a chair got leaves again
for decoration lamps beside the bed so
it's a simple design but I think it
looked really nice when it's put into a
house crafting tables each side of the
bed with lamps on top of them and free
pictures repeated because I didn't have
one that fit the space again leaves here
for some decoration and yeah I think I
think this one looks really nice I do
like this one I've used this one before
let's go into the next one
now this one here is the slightly
different style of four-poster bed
because we're not using real beds
reusing wool this time again snow for
the pillars and around the top we've got
fence gates and I like this because I
think it looks like it kind of looks
like the style that a four-poster bed
would have I run a top like linked up
kind of thing and I think it looks
really good
another bookshelf kind of style there I
came up with this this one's really
simple is not much in it because the bed
takes up a lot of space so you don't
want to cram the room unnecessary things
so I'll just put two chests either side
of the bed you've got your half slabs
going around the bed and then the full
planks holding up their full posts yeah
I think this one looks good as well I
really do like these bedrooms are quite
easy to furnish if you've got the ideas
in mind so yeah I think this one looks
really good and we're going to last one
this one here I mixed it up a little bit
I put some half slabs in so you've got
your steps that these are normal steps
and step down to the half slabs so it
kind of instead of just having a block
name straight down just steps down
halfway
the bed is wall blocks just in the half
block and then these are steps again so
it adds a little into the bed so it's
like just half a block there which looks
good
you got a headboard if she's just half
blocks stepped up bookshelves half into
the ground alike low bedside cabinet
usually pretty good lamps on top I've
got a nice seat this is not full blocks
this is free sandstone blocks piled up
so you can get it in the seat and then
that's the wall block for the seat right
there a shelf design there just it's the
only thing that I could work with with
the half blocks on the floor I've wise
things would be floating or I could put
full blocks under there and have a
little room going around and just
pictures and more leaves and decoration
I like this one I think one thing people
make mistakes when they're doing their
rooms they put too much stuff in it I
think you should don't cram your rooms
up try and leave them as much space as
you can in there
without looking to play and I think
that's one key thing to keep your mind
but yeah guys I hope you enjoyed these
series of videos on how to furnish and
furnishing ideas and I should have more
let's bills and stuff coming up in the
future I've got a few modern houses I've
built and I'm gonna do tutorials on them
so keep an eye out for them so I hope
you enjoyed disguise and thanks for
watching